yeah i mean it's hard to to talk about
bad kings because there's so many bad
kings who did so many bad things you
know they're naughty kings
um
and
you have to be pretty bad to be a bad
king because most of the things which
would normally make you better are kind
of okay you know
um
reading a shilok story about swan king
it was particularly awful i can't
remember his name but
my favorite story was um apparently
one time when he installed prince
there's a lot of prince there's hundreds
of princes uh because the king has wives
and
one day he was fishing
and he caught this guy
uh he was fishing with caught a really
great fish he said hey give me that fish
from the prince the guy said yeah i
don't want to give me a fish i mean
you're never going to become a king
you're nobody you're ridiculous
um then one day the guy heard
that guy become king he was like oh i'm
in big trouble now and sure enough he
got a message saying he was called into
the king um
see the king he's like trembling the
king said
i remember the incident of the fish but
you know something
i want to show how big i am instead of
punishing you i will reward you um so
i'm going to give you 500 calories and
you know if cattle you got wives so he
went off and he got like five or six
wives and uh founded a little cold he
had lots of kids he had lots of
grandchildren and after about 30 years
the king should have killed them
yeah just killing him wouldn't have been
enough